git-browse: add page (#5959)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-browse.md

# git browse

> > View a upstream repository within the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> View an upstream repository in the default web browser.
```

Reviewer 2: We use `default browser` is most pages. I think we should unify that.

Reviewer: Can't browser also be used in other context? To me it sounds like `browser` is only used colloquially.

Reviewer 2: The verb `browse` could be used in another context, but can you find another usage for `browser`?

Reviewer: A file browser first comes to mind.

Reviewer 2: `Nautilus` and `dolphin` present itself as `file manager`, sometimes we called them `file explorer`s but not `browser`s.

Reviewer: Unifying it to `browser` sounds good. I like `web browser`, but that seems to be a personal opinion, rather than a general one.

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-browse>.

> - Open the default web browser to the current Git repository upstream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the first upstream in the default web browser:
```

> `git browse`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git browse`

- Open a specific upstream in the default web browser:

`git browse {{upstream}}`
```
